Gundam dot TK presents Sara V Gundam hey
what's up everybody
Robert 184 two hours to bees and welcome
to my review this time of the 1/100 non
grade Sara V Gundam add in the June
bazooka twos and clearly this is a huge
hitting long-range attacking looking
kinda Gundam now the weight on the
backpack didn't have as much effect on
this as the o riser does on the double-o
Gundam I think mostly just because the
hollow parts but the weight just seems a
little better distributed maybe because
of the large size legs so there it is
with six angry weapons all pointed out
you can start to see some of the weight
issues because the ankles don't bend so
much when the legs do spread you don't
get as bow as much balance as you'd like
with one bazooka in each hand the servi
has been okay so far for keeping the
weapons up but what about the double
bazooka so let's put that in and you can
see for yourself I'm going to hold on to
the legs and note the weight of the
double bazooka is too much for the arms
to be fully extended so it is going to
fall down if you twist the arm yeah it's
naturally going to fall down so those
cool poses that you see on the box
you're not going to be able to do that
without maybe some glue or some sticky
tack so the arm and weapon were straight
just a moment ago but you can see that
the gravity is already pulling it down
now one of the big complaints before the
sura v came out was these holes that are
in the ends of the weapons on the
backpack and on the legs and actually
for me because they're on a black
background you don't notice I'm glad
that band I painted it green but you
don't notice it all that much so the
holes don't bother me as much as I
thought they would now it's able to
support one bazooka
at a full 90-degree angle no problem but
I didn't think I'd use this twin Buster
approach as much but because it's more
solid it works pretty well now getting
the twin Buster cannon in place is not
that bad actually because there's a peg
on the back of this weapon here you just
pull it out and plug it into the
Seraphim and then it's a matter of
getting the arm in the right place to
pull the weapons so if you want to have
him shooting forward there's no big
problems with that when you're putting
the hands on the lower weapons and on
the top you'll notice that the backs are
a little bit different so just make sure
you're putting the right one in the
right weapon for me this is one of the
real selling points of the survey
especially if you've been collecting
more double-o kits but borrow a couple
of beam sabers from arias and double-o
Gundam and you can put all six into its
arms at once as much as this looks like
something at a G Gundam which is not a
bad thing necessarily in my books
I'm sure Dolman cash would have no
problem jumping in to attack this if you
don't have any other one one-hundredth
double O kit so you only have the two
beam sabers putting one in the leg and
one in the arm like they suggest on the
cover of the instruction manual
still looks a CeraVe look pretty armed
to the teeth so it's a very cool effect
one thing I have to complain about is as
I've been doing different poses with
this the legs are continuously splitting
and spreading apart and because the
ankles don't have enough mobility they
can't really stay flat so that's
something that you have to be pretty
careful of whenever you're trying to
pull off a pose with this to put the
servi in to face burst mode basically
you just spread the antennas out a
little bit and pull those down and out
and pull the face down so people asked
about the lighting inside yes you can
put a light in the back of the CeraVe or
the Seraph I'm sorry and because it has
clear parts for the eyes and these parts
are covered up with seals but they're
clear parts they're the light would
shine through now I think the head looks
pretty cool and I remember when I first
saw it at the start of season 2 that I
wondered if these were going to be the
first Gundams to combine transformers
stater style but thankfully for fans of
Gundam they resisted that urge but it's
still a pretty cool effect on the back
I think the seraphim looks pretty cool
just arm blasters and of course as
you've seen with the CeraVe the hand has
no problem at all
holding up the beam sabers but let's see
if it can hold the bazookas let's try a
live shot here with the arm up 90
degrees and I will hold on to the legs
and put in the bazooka and you can see
that it is falling down so that's one
bazooka so if you did put it together
into the twin bazooka there would be no
chance that it would be able to hold it
up for a prolonged period of time but
let's take a look okay so you're not
even going to get any time delay with
that one collapsing so the poses that
you see on the back of the box it's not
that they're misleading but it's just
these awesome looking heavy weapons will
have that effect on anything whether
it's the force impulse with Excalibur
this soon-to-come sword impulse Master
Grade or here the serbian serfdom and if
you treat yourself to two one
one-hundredth action basis they come in
a bunch of colors you can launch them
both midair at the same time for me this
is where it starts to become all worth
it because when you have the to action
basis you can pull off a pretty
cool-looking pose where it looks like
the seraphim is peeling off the back of
the CeraVe and ready to go attack now
you're going to have trouble putting the
bazookas together because of the weight
issue that I mentioned before but still
with only two beam sabers I think this
combination looks pretty cool and I
think if you put all five Gundams up on
clear action bases together that's a
very nice-looking team shot so now some
final thoughts on the syrupy Gundam
first of all you're getting two guns for
the price of one for 3600 yen so that's
not a bad price and it is very hollow
and down here you can see that there are
a couple parts that this should be
painted gray etc now that doesn't come
across when you buy a 1/100 non grade of
course but overall the playability of
this model is great there's a lot of
weapon variations because of the twin
bazookas
and the hands and the blasters on the
legs for me this is a real selling point
because they have a lot of mobility and
you can move them around and pull of
some pretty cool-looking effects when
you put in six beam sabers I think it is
one of the coolest looking Gundams I
have ever seen but now for the negative
points the legs are very easy to split
apart and fall apart so you have to be
careful with your balancing and like any
cool looking weapon that's huge
basically the arms can't support the
weight so if you put in the double
bazooka here and attach it together then
it's just going to be a matter of time
before it falls down unless you purchase
on its leg however as the last of the
main Gundams from double-o Gundam I'm
quite happy with this overall and I
think that you would be too so check it
out thanks again for watching everybody
the pilot area and his two mobile suits
from Gundam double oh don't forget you
can check out reviews of all of the
second season 1/100 Gundams at WWE and
mtk